Kaholo Prediction Markets → Job

How market is formed:

Binary outcomes at expiration date: opposing end of the contract pays one another the difference.

The market is formed by trading Yes/No contracts.

This creates an order book and shows the price people are willing to pay for each contract.

Because this pricing is everyone’s unique information, in theory the price of a given contract will indicate the probability of the event happening.

Ex: buying a “Yes” contract is essentially showing the market a.k.a. saying the event will occur.

Our opportunity: Volumes on prediction markets are tremendously low

Further, the people currently on them are hyper probably retail degens.

If we have any edge, a.k.a. can predict roughly rightmost events better than the avg. degen, we make money.

Why not just bet on the fund directly?

Realistically, our model won’t accurately get it to a ±1°F range (which the betting markets are).

Taking a “big dick swing” exposure has no significant drawdown (e.g. if 1 is bought at 50¢, that means you have 100% gain but lose your $ if P(event) < 50%) → lose 1/3 times.

In short, this is too lumpy, breakdown is quite stretched → super lumpy equity curve = tough to stomach.

Solution: we make the markets

Essentially, we are passive — instead of market taking (buying at market price) we have limit orders around our fair value.

This way we are directionally neutral & make money in both directions.

(Diagram with red: market orders, blue: fair value, green: our limit orders)

When price deviates from fair value, it triggers a limit order in the direction of fair value.

Essentially, you are saying that the fair value is accurate so any deviation is temporary and price should return to fair value.

Close out your positions either on return to fair value or after a gain is returned.

Ex: FV = 50% chance for temp in Austin 76–77°F

Short limit triggered at 20% chance (= buying a No at 20c [i.e. No at 80c = Yes at 20c]).

Returns to 50c.

So net market value goes from 20c → 50c = profit.
